[DOC] ML-Commons agent framework updates (#10682)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tutorials/gen-ai/agents/build-plan-execute-reflect-agent.md

### Step 1(c): Configure a retry policy

Because the agent is a long-running agent that executes multiple steps, we strongly recommend configuring a retry policy for your connector. For more information, see the `client_config` parameter in [Configuration parameters]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints/#configuration-parameters). For example, to configure unlimited retries, set `max_retry_times` to `-1`:

```json
PUT /_plugins/_ml/connectors/<connector_id>
{
  "client_config": {
    "max_retry_times": -1,
    "retry_backoff_millis": 300,
    "retry_backoff_policy": "exponential_full_jitter"
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include copy-curl.html %}

```

If you have deployed your model or made a predict call you will have to undeploy your model before updating the `client_config` For more information, see [Undeploy Model]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api/model-apis/undeploy-model/)

> To deploy your model, see [Deploy Model]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api/model-apis/deploy-model/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about deploying your model, see [Deploy Model API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api/model-apis/deploy-model/).
```
